Team Apathy 
============= 
Retrospective ? 3 ? 10-25-12 
------------------------------------------------- 
Previous Iteration Goals 
* More communication among team members 
* Start work early--don't procrastinate until the end of the iteration 

Things you did wrong: 
Overestimated the ability of some assignments or our own abilities/time-constraints -- Jordan
Excessively long reporting intervals between team members -- Jeff
Still a pretty steep learning curve for some of the requirements -- Sam
	
Things you did right: 
Getting feedback from the user and keeping them involved to avoid major overhauls when the user changes their mind -- Tim
Staying on schedule with our initial roadmap -- Matt
Continued lack of conflict between contributions -- Branden

Goals for next Iteration: 
Better descriptions of expectations on stories
Change the layout of the page (styling, make it look less templated)
Next iteration should have larger focus on Android functionality and backend

Stories from last iteration: 
Android login added
Datepicker for transactions page added
Reset button for avaialable envelope balance added
User controller added 
User tab (view) added
Adding database support for user tab
Sharable budgets support

Stories for this iteration: 
Default Envelopes for new users -- 4 -- Jeff
Change UI of the website to look less like a template -- 5 -- Matt
Paginate transactions list for transaction history -- 5 -- Tim
Add content to User/Admin tab -- 6 -- Sam
Establish Android -> Server communication -- 4 -- Branden
Add a "deposit" transaction -- 3 -- Jordan

* List any communication you have had with your user during the iteration

Dede,
 
Thank you for your quick response to the last email we sent you. We truly appreciate your time and feedback. The reason we are contacting you today is to find out how you want the Categories for the budget. When you create a budget for the first time it can have predetermined categories already listed or it can be a blank slate for you to enter the custom categories you want. Or we can do a combination of this. If you already have an idea in mind please let us know.
 
While we finish up initial aesthetics of the site, do you have a name in mind for the application so we can begin incorporating that name into the design? We look forward to hearing from you.
 
Thanks,
Team Apathy

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Sorry it took me a while to get back to you. I like the idea of maybe having some predetermined categories you could choose from but also adding the option of being able to add your own to for all user needs.

I haven't thought of a name for the application. You guys can feel free to come up with one or if you'd like I'm sure I could come up with something. Just let me know for sure if you'd like me to come up with a name.

Dede
Sent from my I-Phone...yah my Android...I mean I-Phone...